c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\SentenceAnalyzer.exe.config
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\SentenceAnalyzer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\SentenceAnalyzer.exe
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\SentenceAnalyzer.pdb
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Design.Interaction.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Design.Extensibility.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\en\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\en\Microsoft.Windows.Design.Interaction.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\bin\Debug\en\Microsoft.Windows.Design.Extensibility.resources.dll
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\SentenceAnalyzer.exe
c:\users\sean\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SentenceAnalyzer\SentenceAnalyzer\obj\Debug\SentenceAnalyzer.pdb
